Is it possible that you have the final say whether the Kowloon Group takes care of it or not?
You're right, it's me who has the final say
Hahaha brother, are you crazy?
Could it be that you forgot
You yourself are just a street stall selling fried noodles
Are you selling fried noodles for 5 yuan?
White vinegar for a dollar
Have the face to guide the country at the meeting of the listed company
Okay, cut the crap.
Let's vote on the successor
Raise your hand in favor of Li Wushuang as heir
Wait, I can get ugly first
If you pick the wrong person because of prejudice
Cause you to be a skeleton dad
You have to take responsibility for yourselves.
What!
If you don't like it, you will make you a skeleton dad.
I didn't say that.
But I can't rule out the possibility.
My big brother, why are you always talking nonsense?
A street seller selling fried noodles
It can also affect the share price of a listed company
Are you delusional?
Who does he really think he is?
Okay, the process continues
Raise your hand if you're in favor.
Inheritance 0 votes
Hahaha big brother is mighty
Hahahaha
No, big brother, it's snowing
You are still cutting
Very interesting game continue
in favor
Raise your hand as heir to the Lee family
I support
Thank you, uncles and uncles, for your love
I will definitely lead Li shi to go further and more brilliant
Master Dongjie'an
Full vote of inheritance
I now declare Li Dongjie as the heir of the Li family
The new chairperson of Li Tang Group
Thank you. Thank you. Please do it.
Hahaha
My good brother, what did you just say?
If I don't learn from you
It will make Li's stock plunge
Hahahaha
Executive B Bureau Agglomeration Target Yuncheng Buy Short C Shares
In the status cockpit
Who robbed the stall?
He swallowed it all for me with lightning speed